The way of the truth is the best way of living, but no one can live your life for
else you is true.
The song but singing, and you watch the clouds roll by, then you're walking as the sun shines in a clear blue sky.
You're welcoming months, and you can't believe your eyes.
Yes, this earthly paradise was just around, house down, house high.
There is singing by water flows and turns the mill.
The golden fields are harvesting begin.
Once the world with was just around,
it's great to share with friends who care.
The things that free tear has disappeared.
The world is young, and life is new.
There's the sound of happy voices, and the scent of new morn hay.
Now you're calling to your loved ones,
as you start another perfect day.
Then with four his ten, yes the blessings we all share were just around.
How good to see your happy face, because once it seemed I only dreamed this, waiting round the corn to see.
It's a promise from Jehovah, it's a guarantee reality.
And it's hard to get down hard in, when I think of what's in store.
It's the day I'm waiting for, and it's just round the corn.